select() not creating duplicate variable on grouped data frames. (#5842)
tidyverse/dplyr: NEWS.md

# dplyr (development version)

> * `select()` not creating duplicate variable with a grouped data frame (#5841).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* `select()` no longer creates duplicate variables when renaming a variable to the same name as a grouping variable (#5841).
```
